Update APIClient docs for automated instance creation task (#31)
openlawteam/docs: docs/api-client/README.md

  ]
}
```

## Private Instances

### getGithubToken

> Retrieves Github personal access token stored in your environment variables. Used for automated private instance creation to push yaml files (associated with private instance you're creating) to `openlaw-infra` repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieve Github personal access token stored in user's environment variables. Used for automated private instance creation to push yaml files (associated with private instance user is creating) to `openlaw-infra` repo.
```
changes here to be consistent with tense and you vs. user in rest of doc

::: warning Authorization
This resource can only be accessed by a logged in user with an `Admin` role as further explained in the [toAdminUser method](#toadminuser).
:::

```
GET /getGithubToken
```

**Parameters**

> None.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

None
```
added a line break here so it renders on a new line and removed the period. again just consistency with rest of doc.

**Response**

> Returns Github personal access token stored in your environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Returns Github personal access token stored in your environment variables.
```
line break to render on new line

Example

```
32759f037558e0cjp67163kf1le25bc6kfbv2c61

> ```

Reviewer: Let's remove the example response for this one. The description of the response is sufficient.

### getInstanceEthAddress

> Retrieves the Ethereum address associated with a private instance - address contains Ether funds acting as gas for the execution of transactions in said instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieve the Ethereum address associated with a private instance - address contains Ether funds acting as gas for the execution of transactions in said instance.
```
just fixed tense for consistency

::: warning Authorization
This resource can only be accessed by a logged in user with an `Admin` role as further explained in the [toAdminUser method](#toadminuser).
:::

```
GET /getInstanceEthAddress/:instanceName/:env
```

**Parameters**

| Name           | Type     | Description                                                                            |
| -------------- | -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `instanceName` | `string` | **Required.** The name of the private instance to retrieve the Ethereum address for.   |
| `env`          | `string` | **Required.** The development environment the private instance is in: `dev` or `prod`. |

Example

```

> GET /getInstanceEthAddress/bloomberg/prod

Reviewer: Instead of `bloomberg` can you put in a fake instance name that isn't too crazy? just want to be safe here in case there are any sensitivities from our partners.

```

**Response**

> Returns Ethereum address of desired private instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns Ethereum address associated with desired private instance.
```

Example

```
0x952d8a1e72c23f8d9cb64ac2b8179028e1d382d2

> ```

Reviewer: If this address is the actual one for the bloomberg instance, let's put something else here. ok if not really an instance address.

### sendEtherToInstance

> Sends Ether to an Ethereum address associated with a private instance to provide Ether funds acting as gas for the execution of transactions in said instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send Ether to an Ethereum address associated with a private instance to provide Ether funds acting as gas for the execution of transactions in said instance.
```

::: warning Authorization
This resource can only be accessed by a logged in user with an `Admin` role as further explained in the [toAdminUser method](#toadminuser).
:::

```
GET /sendEtherToInstance/:instanceAddress/:ethValue
```

**Parameters**

| Name              | Type     | Description                                                                                                                                                |
| ----------------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `instanceAddress` | `string` | **Required.** The address of the private instance (can be retreived using `getInstanceEthAddress` to send the Ether to.                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `instanceAddress` | `string` | **Required.** The address of the private instance (can be retrieved using `getInstanceEthAddress`) to send the Ether to.                                    |
```
also not critical but would be nice to link `getInstanceEthAddress` similar to other internal links in this doc.

| `ethValue`        | `number` | **Required.** The amount of Ether to send to `instanceAddress`. (**Note**: Denominated in ether, not gwei. Both partial and whole ether amounts permitted) |

> 

Reviewer: Can you include an example of the call with parameters here? You can see the formatting for that in a lot of the other methods.
